Postmortem Documentation

-Overall, the game I have built works the way I intended it to be. Each class represents the main components in the game that make it run. I wanted the game to be concise and efficient without any overwhelming factors that could have frustrated me. I still came across some issues that I just couldn't find a way to fix for myself. The object pooling was left out altogether mainly because I couldn't figure out a way to implement it with the asteroid sprites. These asteroids would destroy once they were out of frame, which the object pooling was supposed to help fix. For the usability of my coding, I would say that 3/4 of the coding was used for all the necessary gameplay components. The remainder of the coding would mainly go for the background elements and the use of the UI being displayed. From where it stands, I feel like the game is finished. It does have a beginning, middle, and end. I could have very well added some more powerups, a level system and some obstacles. Each class takes care of those elements, and with some refactoring, it may have been done in a way. However, there are definitely some more rooms for improvement if I had enough time to work on this overall. I feel like if there wasn't this online format, I would have used my free time to actually seek help from any students or the staff. This whole process was difficult for me because I was restriced of a lot of things. Nevertheless, I managed to get the work done myself to the way I wanted it to be. I'll definitely look back on this project and see anything else I could add for the future.
